Add README section about Compose preview comment (#647)
DroidKaigi/conference-app-2022: README.md

https://github.com/DroidKaigi/conference-app-2022/blob/91715b461b3162eb04ac58b79ba39ccdf21cf222/feature-sessions/src/main/java/io/github/droidkaigi/confsched2022/feature/sessions/Timetable.kt#L73

## Jetpack Compose preview in GitHub comments

> If we can check Compose's Preview during GitHub code review, we can efficiently review changes.  

Reviewer: A couple suggestion, I'm not native as well, but these can be slightly better (hopefully):

```suggestion
If we can review the Compose's Preview during GitHub code review, we can address the issue effectively.  
```
